Project Check-in #1 Requirements:
The main focus of this check-in will be to evaluate your basic HTML/CSS mock-up pages. At minimum, you should have a static page (i.e., you don't require Javascript files) created for each anticipated page in your completed application. You may end up with more or less in the end but should have a good idea of the required pages/content. The pages should be well organized and contain most of the elements/content that will eventually be required. Again, you will likely change this slightly over time but the main points should be present. The pages do not have to be 'flashy' or extravagantly designed, but they should be organized and structured in a way that makes it clear where different pieces of information can be found. You do not need to provide linking functionality between pages but can include example links if you want.

The above description represents the minimum requirements and would place your grade around the 7/10 or 8/10 range. If you are looking for a 9/10 or 10/10 on your first check-in, you should consider including at least one of the following:
1. Some basic Javascript that adds some dynamic behaviour to a few of your pages. This can be as simple as having a few elements on your pages respond to a user's actions or update the state of an object stored in your client Javascript.
2. Provide a rough outline of what sorts of objects you plan to have in your system (e.g., users, games, movies, stocks, etc.). Describe the overall structure of the object, types of data that will be stored, etc. You could also provide some example objects in a JS file.
3. Put more effort into your design to create visually appealing pages.

Project Check-in #1 Submission:
The first project check-in will be submitted through cuLearn. The deadline for submission will be 11:59pm on Wednesday, October 7th. The submission link is included on cuLearn in the Projects section. You should submit a single .zip file containing all of the resources that you have worked on so far and a README.txt file. The required contents of your README are outlined below. If your project already contains more than standard HTML/CSS/JS files (e.g., React.js, a server), you should submit an automated install script and instructions that will allow the TA to run your project using NPM/Node. If you are submitting as a pair, only one of you is required to submit the project zip. The other partner should submit just the README.txt file.

Your README.txt file must contain:
1. A list of each included HTML/CSS/JS file and a short description of what each file contains.
2. What project you are working on.
3. The name of both partners, if applicable.
4. Install instructions, if applicable.
5. A brief description of any additional functionality the TA should consider (e.g., dynamic behaviour you added with Javascript).