NOTE: We were brainstorming in the lecture, various things listed in the file are not part of the specification. I tried to mark the optional things with ? but probably missed a few. As long as you support the specifications in the project documents, you are good.

What types of pages will there be in the app and what content might they have?
  General: navigation bar for all pages

  Sign up/Log in
    Form for typing username/password
    Login button
    Sign up button
    Forgetting password?

  Home

  User profile (viewing their own profile)
    profile photo?
    user tiers?
    date registered?
    list of people they follow (and a way to unfollow)
    list of users they follow (and a way to unfollow)
    list of followers?
    Switch account type (regular/contributor)
    Movies recommendation
    Movies watched
    search bar? or put it somewhere else

    Possible dynamic behaviour:
      Build a pre-defined users into your Javascript
      Allow removal of friends

  Movie search results
    List of movies that matched the search
    Sorting options
    filter

  Viewing a movie:
    Name, release year, plot/description
    Average rating
    genre keywords (that link to search results for those keywords)
    People who made/acted in it, with links to their pages (don't need for check in 1)
    Similar movies
    Review section (adding basic and full reviews, updatre the average rating)
    Trailer?

    Possible dynamic behaviour:
      Build a pre-defined movie
      Allow the user to add a review, then update the page


  Viewing a person (as in a writer/director/actor):
    The movies they were in/wrote/directed
    Frequent collaborators
    Choose to follow

  Viewing another user's page
    Option to follow
    Report them?
    List of their reviews that they have made
    List of people they follow

  Viewing categories? (genres?)
    Movies that match this category

  Add/remove movies (for a contributing users)
    Form to add movie details (name, plot, runtime, release year, actors, writers, directors, image?)

  Movie playlist?
    List of movies on the playlist


What objects and date will we have?
  Users:
    username
    passwords
    reviews they have made (how do we store this? could be a review object stored here, or the ID of a review)
    followers or people they follow
    account types

  There will be more, we only did a bit.